Words cannot express how much I appreciate the work Genice and LV Process and Investigations has done for me. I was very frustrated with our prior process server. My serves were not being returned to me in a timely manner and sometimes they were not even getting done! I was constantly calling to get updates and my calls were not being returned. It was time to make a change and then LVPI came into my work life! You have taken all those worries and frustrations away from me. I know that when I send something out for service, LVPI will have it back to me within a week and sometimes even days. I have never once had to ask for a status update. Instead, you give me constant updates upon receipt and service. I know that when I give LVPI a job to do it is going to get done, it's going to be done correctly, and it will always be done on time, if not sooner. You have made my life so much easier and less stressful! Whenever I have the chance, I tell everyone that they should use LVPI. Not only is LVPI great, but your prices are reasonable too! I probably don't say it enough, but THANK YOU for your hard work. It is much appreciated.WRITTEN-BY-Candice Salerno, Paralegal | Law Offices of Steven Burris;I have been using Las Vegas Process & Investigations for almost 3 years, and I've never once been disappointed. The turn-around on process service is the fastest I've ever seen in Las Vegas/Clark County. I've never had to follow-up on an Affidavit of Service or to get the status of a skip-trace or background check. Genice has streamlined the process, making it as easy as possible to obtain service. Add in Genice's super friendly, up-beat personality, and I couldn't ask for more! I would never go anywhere else. Thank you LVPI for your continued amazing service!WRITTEN-BY-Jennifer F.;I have been practicing law in Nevada for almost 20 years and LV Process & Investigations is by far the best company I've had the pleasure of working with for service of process.  I would definitely recommend their services for anyone in need of service of process. They get the job done at a reasonable price and great service.WRITTEN-BY-Afshin T.